so okay like right now for example the
Hayden's need to come to America
but some people are all what about the
strain on our resources and it's like
when I had this garden party for my
father's birthday right
people came that like did not RSVP so I
was like totally buggin I had to haul
ass to the kitchen
swishy an extra place settings and like
people were on mismatched chairs at all
but by the end of the day it was like
the more the merrier and so if the
government could just get to the kitchen
rearrange some things we could certainly
party with the Hayden's
wow you guys talk like grown-ups oh well
this is a really good school he gave me
a seat - well he gave me a C which
tracks our minds our average there was a
stop sign I totally paused you try
driving in platforms oh sure I write
them a note
get off of me and Cher's got attitude
about high school boys it's a personal
choice every woman's got to make for
themselves cher is saving herself for
Luke Perry share your margin I mean I'm
not proud I'm just highly selective when
you see how picky i'ma buy shoes and
they only go on my feet nice stems
Thanks
[Music]
what the hell is that says who
Calvin Klein
what are you doing
[Applause]
[Music]
okay
my plastic surgeon doesn't want me doing
any activity where balls fly at my nose
there goes your social life
[Music]